Setting Up Subnets



Subnets are logical subsections of a single TCP/IP network. For 
administrative or technical reasons, many organizations choose to divide 
one network into several subnets. Routing can get very complicated as the 
number of networks grows. For example, a small organization might give 
each local network a Class C number. As the organization grows, 
administering network numbers may get out of hand. A better idea is to 
allocate a few Class B network numbers for each major division in a 
company: one for engineering, one for operations, and so on. Then, divide 
each Class B network into physical networks using subnets. In this way, 
you can isolate hosts from changes you might make to the network in remote 
parts of the organization. 
 
Subnets allow you more flexibility when assigning network addresses. The 
Internet Protocol allows 127 Class A networks with 24-bit host fields; 
16,383 Class B networks with 16-bit host fields; and over two million 
Class C networks with 8-bit host fields. 
 

-Network Masks-
 
 
Typically, you create subnets by using a subnetting scheme called the 
"address mask." When setting up your network, you should select a 
network-wide "network mask". A network mask determines which bits in the 
IP address will represent the subnet number. The remaining bits represent 
the host within the subnet. For example, you could configure an 
organization's internetwork as a Class B network. Then you could assign 
each local subnet a subnet number within that network. The 16 bits could 
be allocated as 8 for subnet and 8 for host, or 9 for subnet and 7 for host,
and so on. Your decision would be transparent to everyone outside that 
organization. 
 
You can express network masks as a single hexadecimal number, or as four 
octets of decimal numbers. The default is a mask of 0xFF000000 
(255.0.0.0) for Class A networks, 0xFFFF0000 (255.255.0.0) for Class B 
networks, and 0xFFFFFF00 (255.255.255.0) for Class C networks. You only 
have to specify network masks explicitly when they are wider (that is, 
have more one-bits) than the default values. One common case is a Class 
C mask on a Class B network. A Class B network provides you with 256 
possible subnets, each one of which can accommodate 254 possible hosts 
(remember, 0 and 255 are not acceptable host addresses). But you may know 
that one of your subnets will ever have more than, say, 128 hosts, while 
you may need more then 256 subnets. In that case, you could decide to use 
nine bits for the subnet number instead of eight, and seven for the host 
addresses. The appropriate mask for this would be 0xFFFFFF80, 
or 255.255.255.128 (2 to the power of 7 is 128, and 128 subtracted from 
the possible 256 is 128). 
 
Given the above scheme, and a network address of, for instance, 131.60, 
the address for the first host of the first subnet would be 131.60.0.129. 
 
/etc/netmasks File 
 
The /etc/netmasks file contains the default netmasks for your system. To 
set up the netmask, you need to create this file. Here is a sample 
/etc/netmasks. 
 
# 
# Network masks 
# 
# only non-standard subnet masks need to be defined here 
# 
# Network       netmask 
128.32.0.0      255.255.255.0 
 
Create an entry with the network number and network mask on a separate 
line for each network that is subnetted. 
 
You can use ifconfig to override the network masks manually. For more 
information about ifconfig, refer to the ifconfig(1M) Reference Manual 
entry. 
 
For example, consider Class B network 128.32 with an 8-bit wide subnet 
field (and, therefore, an 8-bit wide host field). The /etc/netmasks entry 
for this network would be 
 
128.32.0.0      255.255.255.0 
 
You can enter symbolic names for subnet addresses in the /etc/hosts file. 
You can then use these subnet names instead of numbers as parameters to 
commands. For more information about netmasks, see the netmasks(4) 
Reference Manual entry. 
 
Changing from a Nonsubnetted to a Subnetted Network 
 
Follow these steps to change from an internetwork that does not use 
subnets to one that is subnetted. 
 
1.      Decide on the new subnet topology, including considerations for 
        subnet routers and locations of hosts on the subnet. 
 
2.      Assign all subnet and host addresses. 
 
3.      Edit /etc/netmasks as mentioned previously. 
 
4.      Edit /etc/hosts on all hosts to change host addresses. 
 
Examples of Subnets 
 
The following examples show network installations where subnets are 
(and are not) in use: 
 
128.32.0.0  Berkeley Class B network (subnetted)    netmask   255.255.255.0 
36.0.0.0    Stanford Class A network (subnetted)    netmask   255.255.0.0 
10.0.0.0    Arpanet Class A network (nonsubnetted)  netmask   255.0.0.0 
 
The University of California at Berkeley is assigned the network number 
128.32.0.0, so that any external router only needs to know one route to 
reach Berkeley. Within the campus, a Class C subnet mask is used to give 
each local network a subnet number, with 254 hosts on each of the 254 
possible subnets. (Zero and all ones, that is 255, are reserved.) 
Stanford University uses a Class A network number with a Class B network 
mask, for 254 subnets of 65534 hosts each. The ARPANET is a Class A 
network without subnets; therefore, the default Class A netmask is used.

guidob (guidob@synnergy.net)
Synnergy Networks (c) 1998, http://www.synnergy.net
