
Name:    The best infophile on creditcard use  [from P/HUN]
Date:    3/15/90
Time:    3:06 am

Press [Ctrl-X] to abort or [Ctrl-S] to pause!


                   P/HUN Issue #4, Volume 2: Phile 4 of 11
                   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

                    Vital Credit Card Information and Usage

                                      or

                          Fun with Numbers revision A


                Compiled, and made intelligible by The Sparrow

** MANY Thanks to Codebreaker; for without him I would be lost. (in JFK?)
A big thankyou to The White Rider for proof-reading this.
  ( If you find any mistakes, BLAME HIM!!! HAHAHA)

Hello to: Fry Guy ("You've got to hear about this new scam. . .")
          Video Viniao "l own and let's go casing!")

______________________________________________________________________________


Completion Date: Tuesday, November Twenty-second, in the year of our Lord, one
thousand, nine hundred, eighty eight, 3:39 am.

Last Updated On: Tuesday, March Twenty-second, in the year of our Lord, one
thousand, nine hundred, eighty nine, 5:01 am.

______________________________________________________________________________

The following is list of ideas and facts that hve been brought together for
the sole purpose of educating those who lack this knowledge. In writing this, I
do not intend for the reader to use any information contained herein, but
rather to further his/her own education and provoke thought to perhaps better
the society we live in.

______________________________________________________________________________


I. Card Types

     The first digit of the credit card number (henceforth referred to as CCN)
determines the credit card typ. A simple list might be:

         First Digit of Credit Card              Card Type
         --------------------------              ---------

                   3                          American Express
                   4                                Visa
                   5                             Mastercard
                   6                              Discover


II. Bank and Branch Numbers

                                   Sample Credit Card: 1234 567 890 123
                                                        ^
                                                         |
     Within the first group of numbers from the left [called Group 4] the Bank
name and branch are contained. We have already discovered that the first digit
of Group 4 reveals the card type. We will now look at how to decipher which
bank issued the card, and which branch of the bank the actual card holder banks
at. Look at the Second, Third, and Fourth digits of Group 4. These three
numbers tell which bank issued the card. A small list follows this paragraph,
although you can compile a list by yourself. Just glance at cards you get your
hands on which the bank name is printed, and record the information. [ Editor's
Note: This is a hard concept to explain, so let me give you an example. Lets
say Bank of Hicksville's group 4 Visa Credit Card reads 4560. (560 = Bank of
Hicksville). BUT, 4561 is NOT necessarily Bank of Hicksville, too. 4561 could
be Bank of Booniesville. So what I am trying to get across is that the next
bank in line doesn't HAVE to be 4570 -- it could be earlier in numbers. ]


----------VISA
          ----

 Group 4            Bank Name
--------            ---------
  4019              Bank of America
  4024              Bank of America
  4052              First Cincinatti
  4060              Navy Federal Credit Union
  4128              Citibank
  4131              State Street Bank
  4215              Marine Midland
  4225              Chase Manhattan
  4231              Chase Lincoln First Classic
  4232              Chase Lincoln First Classic
  4241              Nat. Westminester Bank
  4250              First Chicago Bank
  4271              Citibank Preferred
  4302              H.H.B.C.
  4310              Imperial Savings
  4317              Gold Dome
  4387              Bank One
  4428              Bank of Hoven
  4811              Bank of Hawaii
  4897              Village bank of Cincinatti


 ----------Mastercards
           -----------

 Group 4            Bank Name
---------           ---------

  5215              Marine Midland
  5217              Manufacturers Hanover Trust
  5233              Huntington Bank
  5242              Chevy Chase Federal Savings
  5254              Bank of America
  5263              Chemical Bank
  5273              Bank of America
  5286              Chase Lincoln First
  5317              Norwest
  5323              Bank of New York
  5329              Maryland Bank NA (MBNA)
  5410              Citibank Preferred
  5411              1st Fin. bank of Omaha
  5414              Nat. Westminester Bank
  5415              Colonial National Bank
  5424              Citibank
  5465              Chase Manhattan
  5678              Marine Midland


III. Bank Codes [ International Bank or Interlink Numbers]

     These are used in checking credit. Later on, you will learn that while
checking the credit cards for the amount of credit, you will be prompted to
enter the Bank ID along with the Merchant ID. The bank IDs are, I believe, from
the following list. One note-- you cannot just choose any Bank ID and use it
with any merchant ID. They must correspond in some way. How, I don't know. I
THINK that a bank issues a merchant number to each of their customers. If you
try to use a merchant number with a bank number, and the merchant doesn't
actually use the bank that is specified by the bank number, you are going to
get some problems. (ie, the verification won't go through.) Again, I will state
that this is only a theory. The reason that I post this theory is to get minds
working. So far, no one has mentioned their ideas on the function of Bank
Codes. If you do happen to find out the true meaning of these numbers, please
get in touch with me so I can update this list. Thanks. One word- on VISA
credit cards, the bank IDs are the first 4 digits of the Card. For Mastercards,
however, they vary. A list follows:

     Bank                       Bank Code
     ----                       ---------
 Chemical Bank                    1263
 Marine Midland                   6207 [1207?]
 Manufacturers Hanover Trust      1033
 Citibank                         1035
 Huntington                       1226
 First Card Gold                  1286
 MBNA                             6017
 Chase Manhatten                  1665
 [ Bank from 5127 ]               1015

IV. "Group 3"

Sample Credit Card: 1234 5678 9012 3456
                           ^
                           |
                           |
                         Group 3, or the second group on a credit card in from
the left, contains some VERY useful information about the card. This group
holds the information on the Maximum Expiration Date and the Maximum Credit
Limit. (I believe that you can all see the benefits of this.) This does not
mean, however, that the ACTUAL expiration date and ACTUAL credit limit are in
this group. What it means is this: When the different Credit Card Companies
issue Credit Cards to the consumer, he of course has a credit limit. And when
the Companies formulate credit cards, they create certain groups for certain
customers. That is, certain "groups" contain all the credit cards for people
with a credit limit between $x and $y. The same thing goes with the expiration
dates. Everyone whose card expires after m1/y1 and before m2/y2 has their
credit card in a certain group formulated by the company. For example:
My name is Joe Schmoe. My Visa credit card expires in January of the year 1999.
My credit limit on this card is $7,000. My credit card number (CCN) will
probably be in the same group as my brother-in-law Jack Koff whose card expires
in December of 1998 and whose credit limit is $6,000. BUT, our cards will be in
different groups entirely than my boss' whose card expires in June of 1995 and
whose credit limit is $40,000.
     Back to the point of section IV: Lets say you have a credit card with a
known expiration date and known credit limit. Lets also say that you happen
upon ANOTHER credit card whose numbers are the same up until the last 2 groups.
(You and I see that these two cards were issued by the same bank and PROBABLY
have a credit limit in the same ball park and an expiration date not far from
each other. ) BUT, even though you have this new credit card, you lost the
expiration date and credit limit. GOSH! How are you going to use this card when
you don't know this information?? APROXIMATE! You have a general idea now, and
you can go from there.
     One warning here: I have found that small groups of cards with high credit
limits are often hidden in between large groups of cards with very low credit
limits. For instance, lets look at this card: 4123 4567 8901 2345. From -4567
until 4600 in group 3 (from the right) gold cards may exist. But after 4600 and
before 4567, cards with credit limits of $500 exist. Kind of sucks, huh?? Just
wanted to make you aware of this.
     Now, once you learn how to modify these without hurting the card, you have
increased your value as a carder by 100x. But be careful. Often when you modify
a card's group 3 to get a higher credit limit line of cards, you will find the
entire line is dead. Or, in other cases, just the original card you find is
dead, and all surrounding cards are valid with the new credit limits.

V. "Group 2" & "Group 1"

     These two groups, or the last two groups on the credit card, are the
easiest to modify. By changing these in such a way, you can formulate new
credit cards simply by doing a little math in your head. These two groups
contain the IDentification codes. Later on in your carding careers, you might
find out how to change these, and thus, you have found the secret to a vault of
new and awaiting credit cards. I stress here that the only purpose that these
two groups serve is to differentiate between customers. If the first two groups
of two cards are the same and the last two groups of two cards are different,
the two cards were issued by the same bank and probably have similar credit
limits, but are of course issued to different people.

VI. Credit Card Verification

     Once you have a newly formulated or newly found Credit Card, you must
first check to see if it is valid before you distribute or use it. The reason
for this is this: Although you may not have faltered in your calculations, and
you created a credit card following the correct formula, the card may turn up
as invalid. This is because it has not been issued yet. Visa or Mastercard has
not issued that card to a customer yet. You are ahead of the credit card
company. (Don't you feel important??!) If this case arises, simply formulate a
new credit card from the original valid credit card, and check it once again.
There is no known way around this except to wait.
     OKAY- you want to check your credit card and see how much money this
person has. There are many, many credit verifiers around. The easiest way to
get ahold of one is to go into any store which accepts credit cards and look on
the side of the machine that imprints the carbons with the credit card number,
etc. Or, look right on the wall next to the register. There should be a number
to call, a merchant number, and perhaps a bank number. Jot these down and head
on home. The format for these is usually different, but all have the basic idea
in mind. Call an operator of some sort, tell her the authorization information
that she asks for (bank number,merchant number, etc)  and give her the card and
the amount for which to verify the card. She will check and let you know if it
has enough credit left. Simple. BUT***

 ******************* ONE NOTE **********************
 When you check a card for a certain amount of money, that amount of money is
subtracted from the amount available on the card. For example, if a card has
$5,000 left on it, and you get ahold of it and check it for $2,000, you can
only spend $3,000 before it tells you that you don't have the necessary credit
to go through with a transaction.

VII. Purchasing Merchandise: The Real Story

     OKAY, now that you have a VALID credit card, you will most likely want to
get some newly acquired merchandise. This is all fine and dandy, but if you
don't know what you are doing, you can get yourself and most likely your
friends in a LOT of trouble.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
*** WARNING : NEVER ORDER SOMETHING FROM YOUR HOUSE. ALWAYS GO OUT TO A ***
*** PAY PHONE. ALSO, ALWAYS HAVE A STORY WORKED OUT BEFORE YOU CALL.    ***
*** THAT IS, YOUR NAME, ADDRESS, JOB, PHONE NUMBER, EXCUSE FOR NOT BEING***
*** HOME, MOTHER'S MAIDEN NAME, ETC. ANY STUTTERING OR HESITATION COULD ***
*** BLOW THE WHOLE SHOW !!!  !!!  !!!  !!!  !!!  !!!  !!!  !!!  !!!  !!!***
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


  FIRST- Let me clarify something. When you order something over the phone, and
the person selling you the items wants to know the actual Cardholder's name,
address, phone number, etc, you DO NOT have to give him/her the correct
information. [UNLESS: You do have to give the person correct information if
they have an online connection to a credit record bureau such as CBI or TRW. In
this case, as they can verify everything that you say in a matter of moments,
just do your best, get a new card, and never order from this company again. I
will not lie to you: some companies do have this capability. But if you stick
with little bussinesses who need your money, you'll do fine. ] Bullshit your
way through. Or hire a social engineer to do it for you. You do not even have
to give the correct expiration date! Almost Any expiration date will work as
long as it is at least one month ahead of the current month and it is not TOO
far ahead in time so that it jumped over the actual expiration date. (ie, if
the current date is 10/89, give the expiration date 11/89 -- simple) The
company from which you are buying things can not verify the extra information
YOU give them until after the order has been processed and the package shipped.
They have to get in touch with a Credit Union, which will be discussed later on
in this summary, to verify it all. * ALL THAT THEY CAN VERIFY PRONTO IS THAT
THE CREDIT CARD IS VALID, AND THAT IT HAS ENOUGH CREDIT TO PAY FOR THE
MERCHANDISE YOU ARE PURCHASING. * My suggestion, however, is that you give them
the phone number of a pay phone near your house. [ Or, if you want to REALLY
make sure things go smoothly, give them the number of a direct dial VMB local
to the shipping address. ] If they want to call you back, FINE. Ask them to do
so between the hours of X pm and Y pm. And, just pitch tent at the phone for a
few hours a night. No problem. They will almost always call right back, since
they don't want to inconvenience their customer who happens to be buying $6,000
worth of computers at the time. Understand?

  SECOND- Where should I ask have them ship it to, you ask? Fret not, my little
friend in carding. Before you call and order your things, first go out and find
an abandoned house. These still work best. Either one that has been moved out
of, and no one has moved into yet. Or, if you can, find one that is REALLY
abandoned. (BUT MAKE SURE IT HAS A STREET ADDRESS THAT THE POSTMAN OR UPS MAN
CAN FIND!) Jot down this address. This is referred to as a drop site.
[ Ed. Note: if, and I say IF you can rent a mailbox, do so. Make sure they sign
for everything (UPS, etc) and bring some FAKE ID with you to open it up. Most
of the time, they will give you hastle, and verify EVERYTHING you give them. So
it is really not that easy to get one of these. At least try, though. ] OKAY,
give this address to the man or lady who is taking your order. Tell them this
is where you live. REMEMBER, they can not verify that you don't live there for
quite a while. They will send everything there. When the shipment comes (either
Overnight, Second Day, or whenever), pick it up (CASUALLY) and stroll home to
open your package. If it does not come, or if the salesperson gives you
trouble, don't worry. If it didn't come, it is because 1) It got intercepted by
the feds or 2) The company didn't process it because they did actually try to
verify your address, name, and phone number, thus delaying your shipment, but
saving themselves a lot of money. Just try another store until you find some
place that is easy to buy from.

  THIRD- I suggest that you do not furnish your household with carded items. It
is just not wise. Get a few things, if you like, and wait a little while. Sit
tight. When things cool down, you might want to get some more things. REMEMBER-
all things are good in proportion, but when you get out of that proportion (ie,
get greedy and order a new house) you will most definately get caught sometime
or another. Patience is the carder's best friend. (along, of course, with the
VISA formula... hehe)

  FOURTH- You have all heard it before. DON'T DISPLAY YOUR SPEICAL TALENT AT
SCHOOL, PARTIES, OR SOCIAL EVENTS. Not even to your best friends. ESPECIALLY
not to your best friends. They are the ones most likely to brag about you and
spread the word. This is the farthest thing from what you want. Keep it to
yourself, and if you must tell someone about it, either call Phone Sex, a
Bridge, or an Alaskan Operator. Those are your only choices, as no other carder
or phreak wants to hear about how good you actually are.

  FIFTH- I wouldn't advise making a bussiness out of this, either. Sure, if you
want to get a few dollars for things you order (and that you don't want
anymore) sell it and keep the money. But its purely asinine to take "orders"
from people for money. And even if you don't want money. Keep in mind that
Credit Fraud IS a felony, and getting caught violating US Federal Laws is not a
fun experience to go through. Do you want to go to jail for 10 years, and never
again be able to get a good job because Joey down the street wanted to pay $10
for a new skateboard that retails for $75?? Thats what I thought. Your whole
goal in life, as long as you participate in the Underground Arts, is to keep a
low profile.

VIII. Getting Credit Cards

     There are a number of ways through which you can get credit cards.

  FIRST- Go trashing. That is, go in back of a bank, department store (make
sure it is not in a mall!), or other store which accepts credit cards. When the
coast is clear, jump in their trash bin. Rummage around a bit. Having a look
out might prove to be wise. What you are looking for are carbons - the carbon
paper which the salesperson throws out after a purchase has been made. Remember
these? It is the device that guarentees you (a legit customer) get a receipt of
your credit card purchase, and also that the store gets a copy for record
keeping. Once you find these, (and making sure you don't rip them) put them in
a bag, pocket, whatever, and get somewhere safe. (home?) Hold them up to the
light, and copy down everything you think is important. Card Number, expiration
date, name, address, bank name, etc... Then BURN the carbons. This destroys all
evidence that you ever had them. From here, you are set. Order away!

   SECOND- If you have a friend that works in a store which performs credit
card transactions, you might save yourself the trouble of banana peals on your
head and ask him/her if they might not mind slipping the carbons into a bag
after they ring up a sale. (or have them copy everything down for you.)

  THIRD- You might try bullshitting people and getting their cards. You have to
be VERY good, and the person has to be VERY stupid for this to work. In my
mind, it is a waste of time, and almost never works. (Because people where I
live are smart, of course..) I am presenting this to you in case you live in a
society of morons. Exploit every area that you possibly can. The conversation
might go something like this:

YOU: "Hello, Mrs. Davis? This is Mr. Off from Security down at Citibank. We
have had a computer breakdown and no more of your VISA transactions can be
processed since we lost your credit card number. Do you think that you can give
me your number again, so I can re-enter it right now?"

Mrs. Davis: "Wait a minute, who is this again?"

YOU: "My name is Jack Off and I am from Citibank Security. (Explain whole
situation to her again )"

Mrs. Davis: "I don't know about this. Can I call you back at a number?"

YOU: "Sure. That's no problem. I understand your reluctance. Here... call me at
my office. Its 555-1212 (pay phone, loop, or bridge which you are at)"

Mrs. Davis: "Ok, bye!"

<CLICK>
<RING...>
YOU: "Hello? This is Jack Off's office, Citibank Security, may I help you?"

Mrs. Davis: "Oh, good. I was afraid you were a phony. Ok, my VISA is xxxx-
xxx-xxx-xxx... "

YOU: "Thank you. We will try to restore your credit limit as soon as possible.
Until then, please refrain from trying to purchase merchandise on your Citibank
Visa Card. Goodbye."

<CLICK>

Neat, huh?

  FOURTH- If are a really advanced Carder, you can get fancy and use a credit
card formula. Great, you're saying to yourself. GIMME GIMME GIMME! Not so
quick. Although several do exist, and I do have a couple of them, I am in a
situation in which I am unable to reveal it. If you are particularly smart and
intelligent, you can develope it yourself. Actually, it is not that hard if you
have the means. MAYBE if you are good at math....

  FIFTH- You may try to get credit cards from other people. (friends?) I
stronly recommend against this. Usually the cards you get from other people
have usually already been used and are either being watched or are already
dead.

  SIXTH- If you have access to a Credit Union, you can call and "pull" someone
else's account. (For instance, if you know someone's name and address, or
social security, you can take a look at all of their loans and credit cards. )


IX. Advanced "Carding" Techniques

     Please, people, I beg of you -- If you have not been carding for a year or
two (AT LEAST) do not read this information. It will only confuse you, and even
if you understand it, it will not work as it should unless you have the
experience you are lacking. So sit tight and practice with parts I-VIII.
PLEASE!

     If, perchance, you happen to have the experience necessary to read on,
then enjoy this. The following are simply a few details, hints, etc, that I
just left out of the original manuscript due to my horrendous memory. Add to it
if you like, and pass it a long. We all need to help each other if we are going
to survive. Also, the following are in no particular order except that which
they come to my head.

1) For a drop site, you can try to get fancy if need be. I have heard of empty
military huts being used as well as empty condos, empty houses whose owners are
on vacation, and about a zillion other stories. If you think you have come
across something new, think a plan up, think it over, and think it over again.
Make sure you have every step down so when you order, pick up, and make your
escape, there are no problems. Think about it . . . what harm does it do to
spend an hour making sure you didn't overlook something. It is a lot better
than going there and getting caught.

2) Sometimes the places you order from will have an online account with a
credit record bereau. (Such as TRW, CBI or Transunion) The horrifying fact is
that they can verify ONLINE ANY information that you give them. So, you're
busted, right? Wrong . . .
If this happens, there is nothing you can do unless you have a lot of power
with phones. Chances are, you don't. So play it cool and give an excuse to get
off the phone. Just try somewhere else. Also, if you don't do this right, you
will probably kill the credit card.


X. Credit Unions

     Credit Unions basically are databases that hold information of its
members. When you apply for a credit card, I think that the application to be a
member of a Credit Union is presented also. Since almost EVERY person who owns
a credit card has personal information in at least one of these services, then
there is no fooling he who has access to these services. Many times in your
carding career, you will run into a bussiness who has an online connection to
such unions. If you try to present false information they will catch you and
follow up with the appropriate actions. (That is, report the credit card you
said is yours as dead, call the authorities, etc, etc.)
     Two of the major Credit Bureaus in the United States are TRW and CBI. As
these two services hold large bases of information on its members (ie, every
credit card holder in America), many unauthorized personnel often wish to gain
access to them. They are accessed through a computer by calling a Bureau port
and entering authorization passwords.
     For CBI, the passwords are in the format of nnnllnnn-**, where n=a number
0-9; where l=a letter from a-z; and where *=any character.
     For TRW, the passwords are in the form of lllnnnnnnnlnl. (using the same
key as CBI.)
     As you can see from the length and complexity of these passwords, it is
literally impossible to hack them. (ie, hack in the sense guess them.) So you
are probably wondering how unauthorized persons gain access, huh? Well, we
either have inside information or we go trashing. Thats it.
     Right now, however, I am not going to go any further into the subject of
credit unions. Be aware that they exist, and they can help you as well as hurt
you if you don't know what you are doing. At a later date I plan on devoting an
entire file to the subject of credit unions, as I haven't seen an up-to-date
file in years.


Thats about all. I wish you all good luck, and may your adventures be safe and
fun-filled. And if I EVER catch any of you giving out the credit formula (once
you discover it..) I am going to personally fly over and kick your ass.
(remember- I have carded tickets around the country many times. There is
nothing to stop me from visiting YOUR town.. hahaha)

One final note -- VISA is planning on changing their credit formula within a
few years. So if you happen to be reading this many a year down the line, you
will most likely discover that some of this is no longer valid. DONT BLAME ME.
It was valid at the time when I compiled it.


APPENDIX A
----------


Credit Card Formats
-------------------

American Express -- xxxx xxxxxx xxxxx
                     \/    \/    \/
                     /     |      \
                    /      |       \
            4 digits   6 digits     5 digits

VISA -- xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx
        \_________________/
        4 digits each group

               OR

     -- xxxx xxx xxx xxx
         \/  \_________/
         /    3 digits each
 4 digits


Mastercard -- xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx
              \_________________/
              4 digits each group


Discover -- xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx
             \_________________/
             4 digits each group.


APPENDIX B
----------

Credit Verifiers


1800-554-2265. Use '#' (pound) as control key.

     Card Type:    10 = Mastercard
                   20 = Visa

     Bank Identification:   1067

     Merchant Number(s): 1411
                         52

IDEA:: You all know those sex lines (like 800-666-LUST), well they verify your
credit card before they let you listen. You might try calling one of these and
using it for a while if you have nothing else.


APPENDIX C
----------


Other Things to Do

1] Plane Tickets

     It is relatively easy to order plane tickets using a credit card nowadays.
And, for convenience, you can order over the phone. Well, look up your favorite
airline, call them, and present them with the situation. You would like 2
executive class tickets to Florida [ Ed. Note - If you live in Florida, make it
a trip to California ] round trip to be billed to your Visa Credit Card. Oh
sure, maam. My credit card number is <blank>. My expiration date is <blank>. My
Name is Joe Schmoe. I live at 223 Hard On Lane, Pubic Hair, PA. Oh, and maam,
could you PLEEAZE hold the tickets at the airport for me. I will present some
identification to pick them up there. Thank you.
     It is relatively easy to do this. But, there are a few catches.

          A.) Do NOT stay for any long period of time at any one place. After
              few days, the airline will catch on to what you have done. My
              suggestion is that you stay for only about 2 to 3 days. Or, if
              you really want to stay for a long time, get a one way ticket to
              wherever it is that you would like to go to. Stay however long
              you want to stay and take another 1 way ticket home.

          B.) If you plan on traveling around the country, catch one way
              tickets around from place to place. And please, USE DIFFERENT
              AIRLINES!

2] Motorcycles

     Again, you would be surprised at the amount of work (or lack of it)
required to aquire motorcycles on other people's credit cards. I believe you
can all see the advantages, so let us get down to the procedure. First, set up
an order under a corporate account. You can find these sometimes if you work in
a store that would use such cards. (Look over shoulders) Well, I will leave to
you the methods to come upon corporate account cards. Once you have them,
finish the procedure. Step 2 is to send an "employee" (yourself or a stupid
friend) to pick it up. Bring proper identification that was issued from the
corporation. (I suggest making your own -- Not very hard). Offer a Voice Mail
Box as your bussiness number. It is very common for a high level employee to be
absent from his desk. Use your imagination for the rest, and tidy it up to
perfect it.

3] Travelers Cheques

     OKAY, I will admit this is getting out of hand, but what the hell -- For
those of you very daring and in possession of a very good form of false
identification (Birth Certificate?), you can easily order some American Express
Traveler's Cheques for your travels around the world. The number to call is
1-800-777-7337. Using your American Express Credit Card, order some of these
"babies" in another name. (For a gift..) Have them delivered as you deem
appropriate. Enjoy them thouroughly.
[ Ed. Note: This number is active as of 12-20-88. I don't know if these offer
this service year round. Find out! ]

  Distributed in part by:

   Skeleton Crue  415-376-8060  located out of Moraga, California.
	 !!Get on the band wagon before it RUNS YOU DOWN!!
The very LAST bastion of Abusive Thought in all of the Suburbian West Coast...
			      (CH&AOS)